Hello, how are you ?
Today we will go on a new trip and a new vlog
Stay with us to know where we will go
Welcome to our friends and followers on Nani TV
Today we will be with you in a new vlog at Sheraton Damascus Hotel
To cover the event of a special medical conference (Association of Endocrinologists) on the growth hormone in children.
Let us see together the events of the conference at the Sheraton Hotel in Damascus.
Of course, many people know how important growth hormone is for good and healthy growth in a child.
This is Mohammed Barakat Halwani nephew, who took the task of filming in this video this time.
Dr. Amal Harfoush is my dear friend
She is also the head of the Association of Endocrinologists in Syria
And she is organized for us this wonderful conference that we see now and God gives her wellness (thanks to her)
So our dear viewers, we have come to the end of our trip for today
Meet in a new video